[Bulk] Broken Link fixes (#878)
MicrosoftDocs/biztalk-docs: biztalk/adapters-and-accelerators/accelerator-rosettanet/rosettanet-and-cidx-messaging-standards.md

  The CIDX Chem eStandards are a widely accepted set of standards for implementing automated message exchange in chemical-industry scenarios.

>   For more information about standards, see the RosettaNet Web site and the CIDX Web site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  For more information about standards, see the [GS1 RosettaNet website](https://www.gs1us.org/resources/rosettanet) and the [CIDX website](https://oagi.org/pages/chem-estandards).
```
